Reorder accessibility test your skills for consistency (#42964)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/accessibility/test_your_skills/html/index.md

<!-- Example-specific code -->

The starting point of the task looks like this:

> {{ EmbedLiveSample("html-ally-1", "100%", 400) }}

Author: Sure, done.

> [!NOTE]
> The links in the starting code have the `target="_blank"` attribute set on them, so that when you click on them, they try to open the linked pages in a new tab rather than the same tab. This is not strictly best practice, but we've done it here so that the pages don't open in the MDN Playground output `<iframe>`, getting rid of your example code in the process!

> We've not shown the finished content rendered, as it would give the answers away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve not provided a finished result for this task, as it would give the solution away.
```

}
```

> We've not shown the finished content rendered, as it doesn't look any different to the starting state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've not provided a finished result for this task, as it looks the same as the starting point.
```
